[Merged by Bors] - Add "Changelog" and "Migration Guide" to PR template (#4143)
bevyengine/bevy: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Solution

- Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

> ## Changelog

Author: Should this include the `### Added`, `### Changed`, etc. headers?

Reviewer: This feels like a lot of boilerplate for small PRs. I would maybe only add a comment suggesting using those sections

Author: ```markdown
- What changed as a result of this PR?
- If applicable, organize changes under "Added", "Changed", or "Fixed" sub-headings
```

Thoughts?

Reviewer: LGTM

> ## Changelog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## \[ Optional \] Changelog
```

IMO this should be optional: trivial bug fixes, doc improvements and so on don't need anything beyond Problem and Solution.

Reviewer 2: If we take this route, we should explain *why* it's optional in the template.

> - List a general overview of the changes made by this PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- What changed as a result of this PR?
```

> - Try to be concise. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section

Author: Is this worth specifying?

> - Try to be concise. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Stick to one or two sentences. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section
  - If you can't summarize the work your change may be unreasonably large / unrelated. Consider splitting your PR to make it easier to review and merge!
```

> ## Migration Guide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## \[Optional\] Migration Guide
```

Author: Should this be added to Changelog as well?

> - If this PR affects the public API, describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If this PR is a breaking change (relative to the last release of Bevy), describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes
- Simply adding new functionality is not a breaking change.
- Fixing behavior that was definitely a bug, rather than a questionable design choice is not a breaking change.
```

Reviewer: How can a breaking change be relative to anything other than the last release of bevy? A breaking change to something that is only in main?

Author: > How can a breaking change be relative to anything other than the last release of bevy? A breaking change to something that is only in main?

That's a good point, but I think some people might see this as relative to main (especially if they're actively using main). It's probably good to specify so there's no confusion.

## Solution

- Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

## \[ Optional \] Changelog

> - What changed as a result of this PR?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- What changed as a result of this PR? If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, feel free to skip this section.
```

## Solution

- Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

---

> ## \[ Optional \] Changelog

Author: @alice-i-cecile @IceSentry So should we move the changelog and migration guide to the top or keep it at the bottom?

Reviewer: Personally, I prefer both at the bottom, but I'm not opposed to either approach.

Reviewer 2: I think we should probably do both at the bottom for consistency then.

Author: Yeah, I think keeping them at the bottom makes sense.

> It's nice to get a quick overview, but a changelog without the full context of the objective isn't necessarily better.

I think this is a good point. It's good at top for understanding a PR at a glance, but might be more confusing to an author conceptually (i.e. it sorta disrupts their mental flow).

Author: I'll leave it at the bottom then, unless anyone else has objections

> ## \[Optional\] Changelog
> 
> - What changed as a result of this PR? If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, feel free to skip this section.

Author: Thoughts on something like this:

```suggestion
## Changelog

> This section is optional. If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, feel free to skip this section.

- What changed as a result of this PR?
```

Just to make it easier to highlight and delete all contents, so you don't have to manually remove the `[Optional]` part.

Author: @alice-i-cecile Sorry for the post-ready-for-final-review suggestion 😅

Reviewer 2: > Just to make it easier to highlight and delete all contents, so you don't have to manually remove the [Optional] part.

Yeah, okay, this is a nicer workflow, and perfectly clear still.

- If applicable, organize changes under "Added", "Changed", or "Fixed" sub-headings
- Stick to one or two sentences. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section
  - If you can't summarize the work, your change may be unreasonably large / unrelated. Consider splitting your PR to make it easier to review and merge!

> ## \[Optional\] Migration Guide
> 

Author: And this:

```suggestion
## Migration Guide

> This section is optional

```
